Inside our Controller class,
we will add the code needed to get all movies that a user
has ranked using the userId and movieName.
This is like our previous endpoint that we have just created,
but this time we want to use a query filter with a condition of BeginsWith.
This will allow the user to query a movie they have ranked by entering only
the first letter or first word of a movie they have ranked.
We are able to use the code we created previously in our Controller class,
so we won't change anything in here.
Over to our MovieRankService class,
we'll call off to our MovieRankRepository class,
and then map the items that we get back from DynamoDB
into our MovieResponseContract.
Again,
we're using the same code that we created previously when
implementing the Object Persistence model.
Inside our MovieRankRepository class,
we want to add a method that has a return type of Task IEnumerable Document,
and name our method GetUsersRankedMovieByMovieTitle,
and add our userId and movieName to the method's parameters.
Inside our method, we'll create a new query filter,
and we'll add userId with a Query operator of Equals,
and pass in our userId argument.
We also need to add a filter condition of MovieName
and a QueryOperator of BeginsWith, movieName.
Using DynamoDB's Query method,
we'll pass in the filter that we've just created and say GetRemainingAsync. We will add this method to our interface.